                                      PRESS RELEASE

NOTICE OF REVOCATION OF LICENCES OF INSOLVENT
MICROCREDIT COMPANIES

Accra, Ghana, May 31, 2019 - The Bank of Ghana has, with effect from today,
revoked the licences of 29 insolvent microcredit companies (see attached list). The
Bank of Ghana has also revoked the licences of 10 insolvent microcredit
companies that have ceased operations. This action is pursuant to section 7 of the
Non-Bank Financial Institutions Act, 2008 (Act 774), which mandates the Bank of
Ghana to revoke the licence of a non-bank financial institution (NBFI) licensed
under that Act if that institution among other things ceases to carry on business or
ceases to satisfy a qualification under the Act or contravenes any provision of the
Act or rules or directives issued by the Bank of Ghana. The Bank of Ghana has
also notified the Registrar of Companies at the Registrar General's Department of
the revocation of these licences, and has requested that the Registrar commence
winding-up proceedings against these companies.

A total of 70 microcredit companies were licensed by the Bank of Ghana from
2011 until the end of 2015 under Act 774, to provide micro loans. Severe
undercapitalization, poor lending and risk management practices, and poor
corporate governance practices were among many other reasons accounting for the
poor performance and eventual collapse of the 39 failed institutions whose licences
have been revoked today. Despite notices issued to the affected institutions by the
Bank of Ghana over the last few years requiring remediation of identified
regulatory violations and other supervisory concerns, these institutions failed to
address the issues brought to their attention.

Following the revocation of the licences of these institutions, a total number of 31
microcredit companies will continue to operate. Going forward, the Bank of Ghana
is strengthening its regulatory and supervisory framework, and promoting
confidence in the microcredit sector through:
 A comprehensive review of licensing and supervisory policies and directives;
 A review of the minimum capital requirements for microcredit and encouraging

   possible consolidation through voluntary mergers and acquisitions;
 Introduction of proportional corporate governance, fit and proper, and risk

   management directives;
 Strict supervision of licensed micro credit companies and enforcement of

   relevant regulatory requirements; and
 Increase the resources available for effective supervision of licensed micro

   credit companies.

The Bank of Ghana assures the public of its commitment to promoting stability of
the financial system.

Kindly direct any questions to the Other Financial Institutions Supervision
Department of Bank of Ghana. You may call telephone number 0209-
125348/0302-665619.

Issued by Bank of Ghana on May 31, 2019
ANNEX: LIST OF 39 MICROCREDIT INSTITUTIONS                   WHOSE
LICENCES HAVE BEEN REVOKED

S/No.              MICROCREDIT COMPANIES - INSOLVENT

     1                                  NAME OF INSTITUTION
     2
     3  Allied Wealth Money Lending Limited
     4  Bennet Money Lending Limited
     5  Bremco Money Lending Company Limited
     6  Calmad Money Lending Company Limited
     7  Catamount Finance Money Lending Limited
     8  Citizens Money Lending Limited
     9  Divine Announcement Money Lending
    10  Fountain Money Lending Services Limited
    11  GDFS Money Lending Limited
    12  GFI Capital Management Money Lending Limited
    13  Great Africa Money Lending Limited
    14  Hatmag Money Lending Limited
    15  Haubins Money Lending Limited
    16  Index Money Lending Limited
    17  KAF Investment Money Lending Limited
    18  KBN Money Lending Limited
    19  KYC Money Lending Limited
    20  McOttley Money Lending Limited
    21  N & J Money Lending Limited
    22  Obrapa Money Lending Limited
    23  One2One Money Lending Services Limited
        Orbit Money Lending Co. Limited
        Pitsea Ways Money Lenders Limited
24 P-Mag Investment Money Lending Services Limited
25 Sat Finance Money Lending Limited
26 Shammah Capital Money Lending Limited
27 SNJ Money Lending Limited
28 Uni-focus Money Lending Limited
29 Zeta Money Lending Limited

MICROCREDIT COMPANIES - INSOLVENT AND CEASED OPERATIONS

S/No.                NAME OF INSTITUTION

1 Boafo Yena Money Lending Limited

2 CFI Money Lending Limited

3 CIF Money Lending

4 First Assurance Money Lending Services Limited

5 Global Point Investment and Money Lending Services Limited

6 Intelligent Money Lending Company Limited

7 Kan Money Lending Company Limited

8 PD PAG Money Lending Limited

9 R.P.I.C. Money Lending Services Limited

10 TCP Money Lending Limited
